---
layout :  post
title:  "Chapter 4: I Beg You Not to Cry  "
author : "Jenny"
header-style: text
catalog:  true
tags:
  -web
  -Javascript
---
>Rebirth: Don't Give Up on Me, Okay?
Author: Jenny
Synopsis:
Chu, 'Alex Chu', opened his eyes wide, disbelieving at what was unfolding before him.  
Jain, 'Ethan Jian'...was holding his hand and crying?  
Alex could confidently say nobody had seen Ethan cry for as many years as they had known him. It was already a rare occasion for Ethan to smile, let alone cry. This was, indeed, the first time.  
Moreover, Alex was unsure why, but watching Ethan silently crouch down, his heart ached.  
When Secretary Liu saw the state Ethan was in, he wanted to approach but knew it wasn't proper. After hesitating, he silently left the room and closed the door.  
At such times, it was best to let Ethan be alone.  
Ethan had always been reticent, even up to this point.
>
Chapter 4: I Beg You Not to Cry  
...What?  
Chu, 'Alex Chu', opened his eyes wide, disbelieving at what was unfolding before him.  
Jain, 'Ethan Jian'...was holding his hand and crying?  
Alex could confidently say nobody had seen Ethan cry for as many years as they had known him. It was already a rare occasion for Ethan to smile, let alone cry. This was, indeed, the first time.  
Moreover, Alex was unsure why, but watching Ethan silently crouch down, his heart ached.  
When Secretary Liu saw the state Ethan was in, he wanted to approach but knew it wasn't proper. After hesitating, he silently left the room and closed the door.  
At such times, it was best to let Ethan be alone.  
Ethan had always been reticent, even up to this point.  
But there were so many things he wanted to say, so many regrets.  
After just finishing a meeting, Ethan received the grim news of Alex's fatal accident. He felt like the sky was falling.  
The news hit Ethan like a bolt out of the blue. For a moment, he was paralyzed with shock and couldn't think at all.  
Nevertheless, Ethan was Ethan. Taking a deep breath, he forced himself to calm down, then drove through the rain with Secretary Liu to this place.  
On the way here, Ethan was informed about the details surrounding the incident, so aside from his sorrow, he also felt a deep hatred.  
He had known all along that Scott Garrison had ulterior motives in approaching Alex. Now, not only did Scott ruin the Carter family, but he also took Alex's life.  
...If it hadn't been for Alex's relationship with Scott, Ethan would have eliminated him long ago.  
Time seemed to stand still as Ethan finally composed himself and stood up. Returning to his usual impassive demeanor, he began making arrangements.  
"Secretary Liu, make sure to prepare everything meticulously. Uncle is in poor health; break the news gently to avoid causing him too much distress."  
"Yes. Would you like me to organize a funeral for Mr. Carter?"  
Hearing this, Ethan paused briefly before slowly shaking his head, "Given the current state of the Carter family, I doubt they are in any position to hold a funeral. After cremation, find a nice place for him, please."  
"I'll take care of it right away. Do you need me to drive you home?"  
"No need."  
After Secretary Liu hurried off, Ethan returned to the room, took one last deep look at Alex, then gently covered him with the sheet again.  
After making all the arrangements, Ethan left.  
Perhaps seeing Ethan in tears had complicated Alex's feelings. As Ethan prepared to leave, Alex hurriedly followed him.  
He was worried about Ethan; he had never seen him look so lost.  
Ethan drove himself home, and Alex was anything but reassured.  
Fortunately, the man remained calm, driving without speeding or running any red lights, then safely returned to his mansion.  
Following him out of the car, Alex reluctantly looked towards Ethan's mansion beside his.  
That used to be his home, before the Carter family went bankrupt and had to sell the house to cover their debts. Now, it belonged to someone else.  
When Alex turned back, Ethan had already closed the large door. He always was decisive in his actions, never lingering or hesitating.  
Fortunately, now being a spirit, Alex found some solace in his ability to pass through walls, a small consolation in his new existence.  
"Goodness, if this were somebody else's house, I'd feel like a thief..."  
This building used to house Ethan and his family. As Ethan's business expanded, the Jian family mansion was built on the mountainside, and of course, they bought the mountain too.  
For some reason, Ethan never moved out and continued living here.  
The Jians had a housekeeper, known to Alex. Ethan wasn't accustomed to having others take care of him, so there was only one, Auntie Li.  
But upon entering the room, it was pitch black, obviously indicating that no one was home at the moment.  
So, Auntie Li wasn't staying overnight it seems.  
Ethan first went to the kitchen, drank a bottle of mineral water, and then headed for a shower.  
It had been raining all evening, and Ethan had rushed out after the meeting, still showing signs of having been in the rain.  
Alex, knowing better than to follow Ethan into the bathroom, decided to explore the house instead.  
He had visited several times before, and the place looked the same. Only the furniture, as per Ethan's preferences, had been changed - it was all in cold and hard colors, nothing superfluous.  
Ethan quickly finished his shower and returned, Alex trailing behind him like a shadow.  
Ethan went to his bedroom on the third floor, a place Alex had never entered.  
Watching Ethan walk into his room, dressed in a loose bathrobe, Alex couldn't help but gulp.  
Inside, Ethan turned on the light, grabbed a hairdryer, and started to blow-dry his hair in front of a mirror.  
Under normal circumstances, the sight of Ethan's exposed abs should have enticed Alex to take a closer look.  
But at the moment, Alex was more interested in the bookcase in Ethan's bedroom.  
What kind of man devotes so much space in his master bedroom to not one but two bookcases, even including a desk? Just looking at the stacks of files on the desk made Alex feel dizzy.  
This man really wasn't simple at all; no wonder he made so much money.  
But that wasn't the main point; what truly caught Alex's attention was the content of the bookcase, the desk, and even the items placed beside the bed.  
Among them, there were photos of him and Ethan together.  
Strictly speaking, it could hardly be called a group photo. It was taken at a banquet they both attended, with the two of them caught in the same frame.  
Alex remembered the event from two years ago. He went alone, merely looking for fun and avoiding Ethan, fearing the man would come over to lecture him.  
It was only after encountering Ethan's parents that he approached to greet them, probably when the photo was taken, with Ethan standing by his side.  
In the photo, Alex was full of life, talking to someone next to him; Ethan stood a meter or two away, his expression unchanged, but his eyes focused solely on him.  
This photo, hardly a proper group picture, had somehow found its way into Ethan's bookcase.  
Ethan had placed it in the most conspicuous spot, and there it had stayed for two years.  

